Procedure: To download Wireshark

1. Open a web browser.

2. Navigate to http://www.wireshark.org

3.Select Download Wireshark.

4. Select the Wireshark Windows Installer matching your system type, cither 32-bit or 64-bit as determined in Activity 1. Save the program in the Downloads folder

5.Close the web browser.

To install Wireshark:

1. Open Windows Explorer. 2.Select the Downloads folder.

3. Locate the version of Wireshark you downloaded in Activity 2 Double-click on the file to open IL

4.If you see a User Account Control dialog box, select Yes to allow the program to make changes to this computer

5.Select Next to start the Setup Wizard

6.Review the license agreement. If you agree, select 1 Agree to continue

7.Select Next to accept the default components.

8. Select the shortcuts you would like to have created. Leave the file extensions selected. Select Next to continue

9.Select Next to accept the default install location.

10 Select Install to begin installation.

11. Select Next > to install WinPcap.

12.Select Next to start the Setup Wizard

13. Review the license agreement. If you agree, select 1 Agree to continue

14. Select Install to begin installation.

15.Select Finish to complete the installation of WinPcap

16.Select Next to continue with the installation of Wireshark

17.Select Finish to complete the installation of Wireshark.

Conclusion: Learnt how to install and configure Wireshark

Procedure: To capture packer: Set up the Packet Capture

1.Click View Wireless Toolbar. The Wireless Toolbar will appear just below the Main twofhar

2.Use the Wireless Toolbar to configure the desired channel and channel width

3.Under Capture, click on AirPcap USB wireless capture adapter to select the capture interface

Nose. If the AirPcap isn't listed, press FS to refresh the list of available packet capture interfaces. The AirPcap has been discontinued by RiverBed and is 802.11n only

4. Click the Start Capture button to begin the capture

5. When you are finished capturing, click the Stop button.

Saving the Capture:

1. To save the capture, click File > Save.

2. Name the file, and click Save.

Note: Peap and Pcap-ng are good filetypes to use for the capture if you plan to use Eye PA. to open the capture

3. Eye PA can now open the capture file